Rule Tiles
	Rule tiles are included as a convenience to speed up the process of level creation. If you have any questions, look to the Unity 2D Tilemap Extras package documentation.

	The Scenes labeled with "(RuleTiles)" scene makes use of Rule Tiles.
	In order to show the scene properly and make use of Rule Tiles, you may need to download and import the 2D Tilemap Extras package.
	If you are using a Unity Version 2020 or older, you will need to enable preview packages in "Package Manager > Advanced Project Settings > Enable Preview Packages."
	If you are using a Unity Version 2021 or newer, the package should appear in the Unity Registry as a standard package.

	You can find the Rule Tiles in the Tile Palette Tab. Open the drop down and select: "T1 Rule Tiles"
	Minifantasy Rule Tiles appear red with an X symbol in the Tlie Palette. This is because the default sprite is set to this "incomplete" sprite.
	When using Minifantasy Rule Tiles, an incomplete sprite represents an incomplete grouping of rule tiles. When working properly, you should see no incomplete sprites.
	
	You may change these settings by opening the Rule Tile object in the pack directory under: "Tile Palettes > Rule Tiles."

	Rule Tiles Included in Minifantasy Towns I:
		Row 1 - Grass | Dirt | Cobblestone
		Row 2
		Row 3 - Sidewalk with Edges | Sidewalk with No Edges | Sidewalk Shadows
		Row 4
		Row 5 - North to South Roof | Wooden Beam

Tile Shadows
	When tiles have corresponding shadow tiles, they are placed in the same tile palette.
	You can find the corresponding shadow tiles either to the right of the matching tile or below the matching tile.

Sorting Layer Setup
	All objects are on the default layer. The objects are grouped as follows:
	-10	Ground
	-9	Ground Decoration
	-8	Ground Shadow, Props - Under Buildings, Prop and Animal Shadows				Defined as: shadows that rest on the ground.
	-7	Walls - Buildings (1) and Tiled Props
	-6	Walls - Buildings (2)
	-5	Walls - Buildings (3)
	-4	Walls - Above Buildings														Defined as: shadows that rest on walls.
	-3	Walls Shadow
	-2	None
	-1	None
	 0	Props, Animals

	This layer setup is used for demo and may not resemble best practices for using layers in production.

Placing Objects in the Scene
	We recommend one of these two options for maintaining crisp pixels while moving objects around the scene:
		1. Grid Snapping
			Set Size = 0.125 (1 pixel)
			You can change this setting in "Edit > Grid and Snap Settings > World Grid > Size."
		2. Grid and Snap Increment Snap
			Set Move = 0.125 (1 pixel) or 0.0625 (1/2 pixel)
			You can change this setting in "Edit > Grid and Snap Settings > Increment Snap > Move."
			Then hold "ctrl" while moving objects to increment their position based on the move setting.

Tile Palettes
	Tile Palettes are notated with T1 for Towns I. 
	This is to avoid conflicts when multiple Minifantasy packs are imported in a single project.

Prop Variants
	Props that have multiple variations include a script to switch between variants with ease. 
	To change between prop variants, find the T1 "Prop" Script component on a prop prefab and use the selection dropdown.

Animated Animals
	In the Outside Scene, the Canvas includes an Animation Panel. 
	This controls whether the Chicks and Hens found in the north part of the demo scene are turned on or off.

Scripts
	None of the scripts included in this pack are necessary to use the basic pack contents.

	- AnimatedObjectsGroup: used to hook up the demo animation panel buttons to the animated animal gameobjects
	- SetAnimationParameter: used to adjust the animation state of animated gameobjects
	- CameraController: used to control the demo camera

	- WhitelistOverrideRuleTile: 
		- Used to allow adjustments to Rule Tiles. 
		- Used by the following rule tiles: Cobblestone, Sidewalk_NoOutline, and Sidewalk_Outline.
		- The tiles on the white list are allowed to be placed over the rule tile without breaking the rule tile's rules.

Game Display
	The demos were created using a 16:9 Aspect Ratio. 
	If you have issues with the game screen displaying incorrectly, try setting the display to 16:9 Aspect and the Scale to 1x.

Questions
	If you have any questions or concerns, you may email: krishna.palacio@gmail.com